MTV-2230 Release Notes for 2.9.0 (#719)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/upgrade-notes-2.9.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * documentation/doc-Release_notes/master.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

[id="mtv-upgrade-2-9-0_{context}"]
= Upgrade notes {project-short} 2.9.0

To upgrade to {project-full} 2.9.0, you need to follow the manual upgrade process.

> The option to automatically upgrade has been disabled.

Reviewer: `The option to automatically upgrade from previous versions Y version, such as 2.8, has been disabled.` wdyt?

> The option to automatically upgrade to 2.9 from 2.8, the previous Y version, has been disabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The option to automatically upgrade to 2.9 from 2.8 is not yet available. However, automatic upgrades will be enabled in future releases.
```

@fabiand @mnecas @Pkylas007 - WDYT

Author: Thanks :) Sounds softer and better!
